Open v0.3 API + debiasing (#75)
PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ: CHANGELOG.md

### New features since last release

* Application of debiasing and sharpening for error mitigation is made available, with parameters set on device initialization. Error mitigation strategies that 

>   need to be set at runtime are defined in the `error_mitigation` dictionary (currently only a single strategy, `debiasing`, is available). Whether or not to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to be set at runtime are defined in the `error_mitigation` dictionary (currently a single strategy, `debias`, is available). Whether or not to
```

### Improvements 🛠

> * adds a new `error_mitigation` parameter on IonQ job submission so users can
>   configure strategies
> * adds a new `aggregation` parameter on IonQ results to allow getting results
>   aggregated under the two different methods described in
>   <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2301.07233.pdf>

Reviewer 2: seems like your name got removed from the contributor list below, please feel free to add it back. also just updating this to follow our changelog conventions:
```suggestion
* adds a new `error_mitigation` parameter on IonQ job submission so users can
  configure strategies
  [(#75)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ/pull/75)

* adds a new `aggregation` parameter on IonQ results to allow getting results
  aggregated under the two different methods described in
  <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2301.07233.pdf>
  [(#75)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ/pull/75)
```

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

Spencer Churchill

> 

Reviewer 3: @splch, it might be nice to highlight the error mitigation support in the changelog

Reviewer: @trbromley, combined the two kwargs into a little blurb and moved to "new features", added a link to an IonQ guide for more info
